

Alphabet Run Encryption

Have the function

AlphabetRunEncryption (str) read the str
parameter being passed which will be an
encrypted string and your program should output
the original decrypted string. The encryption
being used is the following: For every character i
in stx up to the second to last character, take
the i and i+1 characters and encode them by
writing the letters of the alphabet, inorder, that
range in the same direction between those

chosen characters. For example: if the original
string were bo then it would be encoded as
cdefghijkimn, but if the string were boa then bo

is encoded as cdefghijkimn and oa is encoded as
nmikjihgfedcb with the final encrypted string

being cdefghijkimnnmikjihgfedcb. So =» may

be something like the encrypted string just

written, and your program should decrypt it and
output the original message.

The input string will only contains lowercase
characters (a..z). There are also three important

rules to this encryption based on specific
character sequences,

1) If the original string contains only one letter
between two chosen characters, such as the
string ac then this would be encrypted as bR with
R standing for what direction in the alphabet to
go in determining the original characters. The
encrypted string bR represents ac but the

encrypted string bL represents ca (R= right, L =
left).

2) If the original string contains zero letters
between two chosen characters, such as the
string ab then this would be encrypted as abs,
with S representing the fact that ha

Cryption is
needed on the two letters Preceding

S. For
example, if the original string were aba then the
encryption would be abshas, but be careful
because decrypting this You get abba, byt the
actual original string is aba,

3) If the original string contains g repeat of

string ace then this would be

with N Tepresenting the fact
that no change in characters occurred on the

character Preceding N, The input string will never
only be €Omposed of fepeated characters,
Examples

Input: “bcdefghijklmnopqrstN
Output: att |

Input: "abSbaSaNbR"
Output: abaac

Maximal Square

Have the function MaximalSquare(strArr)
take the strArr parameter being passed which
will be a 2D matrix of 0 and 1's, and determine
the area of the largest square submatrix that
contains all 1's. A square submatrix is one of
equal width and height, and your program shoul
return the area of the largest submatrix that
contains only 1's. For example: if strazrr is

["10100", "10111" "11111", "10010"] then this
looks like the following matrix:

1 0 1 0 0
1 0 1 1(bold) 1(bold) 
1 1 1 1(bold) 1(bold)
1 0 0 1 0

For the input above, you can see the bolded 1's
create the largest square submatrix of size 2x2,
80 your program should return the area which is
4. You can assume the input will not be empty.
create the largest square submatrix of size 2x2,
so your program should return the area which is
4. You can assume the input will not be empty.

Examples

Input: ["0111", "1111" "1111" "1111"]
Output: 9

Input: ["0111" ,"1101", "0111"]
Output: 1

